Armonk my mom was possibly a question to you are you merry do you have
a girlfriend do you have to use if you have any one of the three your
chances of going to do it are very high in all just plain but I think
the the the key here is to understand what a budget is and how
to live within your budget as a junior officer you get paid a you get
paid a decent amount but the key is to understand how your life is
affected by how much you make short on money lesson is you know revenue
minus expenses that's kind of how you kind of a you need to kind
of frame what you're you're going by if your build out we how much
you made your going to going to do it so the idea is to find a living
arrangements fight do the obtained the basic necessities to sustain
life which are you know shelter food and clothing and just kind of
branch out from there do you really need to go out and buy the the
newest hottest Mercedes Benz you probably don't if you have a you know
functional of for two of the transportation from for the time being
why go buy a new car if you do you have to eat out five six times
a week probably not go grocery shopping learn how to cook so learn
how to balance that budget to stay and live within your means and you
won't worry about that